README.md, before:

<!--
 ______  __  ______  ______  __    
/\  ___\/\ \/\  ___\/\  __ \/\ \   
\ \___  \ \ \ \ \__ \ \  __ \ \ \  
 \/\_____\ \_\ \_____\ \_\ \_\ \_\ 
  \/_____/\/_/\/_____/\/_/\/_/\/_/ 

-->

## Announcements
- 

## Under-planning
- Paper discussion seminars
- PyTorch Workshop for General ACM Members (TBD, not sure if it's happening or not)
- Aim for Spring EOH Projects

## Meeting Summaries
### First Meeting -- 9/7
- Welcome icebreaker.
- Split up into Vision/NLP/RL groups to discuss plans for the semester.
- Some people decided to work on Stanford's Computer Vision (CS231n), Berkeley's Reinforcement Learning (CS 294).

### Second Meeting -- 9/14
- Split into groups for discussion about various projects, targeting Spring 2017 Open House
- RL Group went over Berkeley's CS 294 on Sunday (8/17)
- Dominic talked to the Computer Vision Group about his research

### Third Meeting -- 9/14
- Computer Vision began to learn Tensorflow, having a workshop on Thursday (8/21)
- Reinforcement Learning Group is having a PyTorch Workshop/Lecture, replacing CS 294's Tensorflow Lecture
- NLP has began to talk about what projects to potentiall work on (speech synthesis/chat bot)

### Tensorflow Workshop -- 9/21
- **Note** the presentation had a bug with LeNet. Both the slides and examples have been updated.
- [Presentation GitHub](https://github.com/sig-ai/tf_workshop)
- [Presentation Slides](https://github.com/sig-ai/tf_workshop/blob/master/presentation_1.pdf)
- Covered the following topics:
  - Tensorflow Session, Variables, Placeholders, Graphs, and Ops.
  - Supervised Learning Review
  - Typical Loss Functions
  - Linear Regression/Classification
  - Implementing LeNet

### Fourth Meeting -- 9/25
- [Meeting Slides](https://github.com/sig-ai/meetings/blob/master/2017_09_25/presentation_1.pdf)
- Display feedback results -- hopefully we have 1111 this time.
- Tensorflow workshop review.
- Will gave a presentation about his research (trains and using inverse reinforcement learning to derive a human-like reward function). His email is [wwbarbo2@illinois.edu](wwbarbo2@illinois.edu).
- Dominic gave a presentation about SSD (Single Shot Detectors).
- NLP Group will be giving assignments to members, as a start to their project


<!-- Honorary Chair: sudo -->

Commit message:

Updated with RL meeting notes

README.md, after:

<!--
 ______  __  ______  ______  __    
/\  ___\/\ \/\  ___\/\  __ \/\ \   
\ \___  \ \ \ \ \__ \ \  __ \ \ \  
 \/\_____\ \_\ \_____\ \_\ \_\ \_\ 
  \/_____/\/_/\/_____/\/_/\/_/\/_/ 

-->

## Announcements
- 

## Under-planning
- Paper discussion seminars
- PyTorch Workshop for General ACM Members (TBD, not sure if it's happening or not)
- Aim for Spring EOH Projects

## Meeting Summaries
### First Meeting -- 9/7
- Welcome icebreaker.
- Split up into Vision/NLP/RL groups to discuss plans for the semester.
- Some people decided to work on Stanford's Computer Vision (CS231n), Berkeley's Reinforcement Learning (CS 294).

### Second Meeting -- 9/14
- Split into groups for discussion about various projects, targeting Spring 2017 Open House
- RL Group went over Berkeley's CS 294 on Sunday (8/17)
- Dominic talked to the Computer Vision Group about his research

### Third Meeting -- 9/14
- Computer Vision began to learn Tensorflow, having a workshop on Thursday (8/21)
- Reinforcement Learning Group is having a PyTorch Workshop/Lecture, replacing CS 294's Tensorflow Lecture
- NLP has began to talk about what projects to potentiall work on (speech synthesis/chat bot)

### Tensorflow Workshop -- 9/21
- **Note** the presentation had a bug with LeNet. Both the slides and examples have been updated.
- [Presentation GitHub](https://github.com/sig-ai/tf_workshop)
- [Presentation Slides](https://github.com/sig-ai/tf_workshop/blob/master/presentation_1.pdf)
- Covered the following topics:
  - Tensorflow Session, Variables, Placeholders, Graphs, and Ops.
  - Supervised Learning Review
  - Typical Loss Functions
  - Linear Regression/Classification
  - Implementing LeNet

### Fourth Meeting -- 9/25
- [Meeting Slides](https://github.com/sig-ai/meetings/blob/master/2017_09_25/presentation_1.pdf)
- Display feedback results -- hopefully we have 1111 this time.
- Tensorflow workshop review.
- Will gave a presentation about his research (trains and using inverse reinforcement learning to derive a human-like reward function). His email is [wwbarbo2@illinois.edu](wwbarbo2@illinois.edu).
- Dominic gave a presentation about SSD (Single Shot Detectors).
- NLP Group will be giving assignments to members, as a start to their project

### Fifth Meeting -- 10/02
- [Meeting Slides](https://github.com/sig-ai/meetings/blob/master/2017_10_02/presentation_1.pdf)
- Brief Discussion about the Intergroup Discussions planned for around November
- Some points brought up (in addition to the slides)
  - People need prior knowledge to understand some of the papers, prereqs should be listed somewhere
  - Most people don't know how to read papers, we'll need a good split on the people that can actually read vs. people that can.
- RL Group covered:
  - Value Function and on-policy/off-policy review.
  - Covered Q-Learning, SARSA, Double Q-Learning.
  - Advantages and Disadvantages of on/off policy
  - Some intuition on how to actually program Q-Learning. (Small introduction on epsilon greedy, mentioned Experience Replay, Hyperparameter Selection, all the gross stuff)


<!-- Honorary Chair: sudo -->
